https://careers.wolt.com/en/jobs/software-engineer-intern-(2024)/817d412#apply-now

https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/3813461796/?alternateChannel=search&refId=ZGWccTkp2u7l1G9dAqLf3g%3D%3D&trackingId=lLp7ieYtGypEe%2Bqy6Gt2Fg%3D%3D

Deadline : 31st of January, 2024



About the job
Job Description

To build a bigger, better Wolt, we’re looking for Software Engineering Interns to join us for summer 2024 in Helsinki and Berlin! 🤩

About The Program

The program will last for 6 months and we’re quite flexible with the start month — you can join us in March, April, or May.

The internship is paid (4200€/month) and you’ll be assigned to one of our 60+ engineering teams where your existing skills will find their best match in terms of mentorship and tech.

We prefer candidates who are able to continue full-time after the internship period, so this is truly a chance for a career path - today we have numerous members in different product teams who originally started as interns! Every intern will get their own mentor from the chosen team to work closely with and learn from, so there will be plenty of room for sharing knowledge and growing together.

At Wolt we take ownership beyond the obvious, do common things uncommonly well, think big but stay humble, and treat all people equally kind. If this sounds like a place for you, then make sure to keep on reading as we dive deeper into the program below.

Crafting the path

In Berlin, we have two different options available for your choice, Frontend or Backend. You can apply to either track, by choosing one of the versions of the assignment we have designed for you. Needless to say, these two options make a big difference in what your handprint will be to our service. Whichever you choose, rest assured, you will have an impact and develop real product features as a member of your future team!

We will make the path for you inside of your chosen competence by getting a picture of your skills and preferred technologies during the recruitment process. At the beginning of your Wolt journey, you might find yourself developing our consumer-facing applications, courier, merchant or support services, logistics, core & infrastructure of our platform, fintech, or even new businesses such as Wolt Market.

Read more about the Engineering internship at Wolt - Hannah, who joined as one of our 2023 interns our Marketing Tech team tells her story here 🚀 Or, if you're feeling extra curious, check out what our other interns have been cooking up behind the scenes. And don’t miss our podcast video below 👀

Our humble expectations

In the frontend development, we are using TypeScript and React in all of the teams - those two are all you need to start your Frontend Internship at Wolt. In the backend, we use technologies such as Scala, Kotlin, and Python, and for mobile development, we have openings in our teams working with Flutter.

If one of these is your language of choice, we will have a team ready for your craft. But please note that while our teams work with a wide variety of technologies, we are committed to providing you with the best mentorship possible. This is why we can only accommodate interns with a background in Typescript/ React, Python, Kotlin (Backend) or Scala for our Berlin teams. 

We want to welcome people from diverse backgrounds, with an open mindset and eagerness to build something great together. We hope you are not scared to ask questions, make mistakes, and share your learnings and opinions with other people. 💙

Foremost, we are looking for growth potential - good basics in at least one programming language and an understanding of good development practices will give you a good kick start. That's why we ask you to prove your skills through our assignment right from the get-go.

As we want to provide long-term career paths, we are prioritizing candidates who are able to continue with us full-time after the internship.

Ideally, you’re already located in Berlin or close by to have the possibility to visit the office a couple of times a week, to work as closely as possible with your internship mentor and team members who are located in Berlin. We are, unfortunately, unable to offer relocation or visa support for internships, so you should be eligible for work in Germany for the duration of the program. If you’re offered to stay with us on a permanent basis after the internship, we’ll take care of your work visa if that’s needed.

Next Steps

👀 The process is easy:

1 - Read through the assignment instructions carefully & write some code.

While we all appreciate the wonders of ChatGPT and the like, we’re excited to see your own coding skills in action for this assignment. When you’re ready, put your code (as a zip) into Google Drive, Dropbox, OneDrive or similar. Remember to check permissions! If we cannot access the file, we cannot review your code.

Please don’t store your solution in a public GitHub repository during the application period.

You can find the assignments here:

Backend and Frontend

2 - Click “Apply now”, fill in the form, answer a couple of our questions and attach your link to the assignment. If you have a CV, want to tell us more about yourself and your interests in a cover letter, or have some interesting projects that you’d like to share with us, feel free to include those as well.

3 - Send your application!

Please note that the assignment is a mandatory part of the process. Applications without attached solutions won’t be accepted and will be rejected.

The deadline is the 31st of January (end of day). We’ll review the assignments and invite successful candidates for interviews, starting mid-February. If you have any questions you can turn to our Talent Acquisition Partner, Sandra Weigt at sandra.weigt@wolt.com. Please note that we do not accept applications via email or LinkedIn messages and any applications after the deadline can not be considered.

FAQ's

How many intern positions are open this year?

We have several spots for frontend, backend, and mobile interns available.

Do I need to be based in Berlin? Do you offer relocation support?

We have one of our tech hubs in Berlin and we would need you to be able to work at least partly from the office with your future internship mentor and other team members. This means commuting to the office every now and then to work together and for events. We don’t offer relocation or visa support for this specific program so you should be already in Germany, ideally in the Berlin area, with a valid work permit. Please note: if you are working remotely from outside the Berlin area, Wolt will only cover commuting expenses for possible team events but not for the weekly commute. If applying to Helsinki, please do it here.

I can take care of the relocation part myself. Can I still apply?

Unfortunately, we will not be able to consider your application if this is the case.

I want to apply; what happens after I send my application?

If you are selected for the first round of interviews, you will get an invite for the next step within 3 weeks after the application deadline. We will be in touch with each and every candidate who applied regardless of the outcome. The recruitment process includes the preliminary home assignment, an interview, and a meeting with your possible team lead. We are aiming to make the decisions during February.

I missed the deadline; can I still apply through email?

No, unfortunately not. Please make sure to apply through our recruiting system by the 31st of January (end of day).

I'm a student/ fresh graduate. Can I apply?

We want to provide long-term career paths so we are looking for candidates who are able to continue with us after the internship full-time. Therefore, we are especially looking for graduated candidates but if you are at the very end of your studies and feel comfortable finishing those while working with us, you are welcome to do so!

I learned coding by myself / I learned coding in a coding school. Can I apply?

Absolutely! We have many career shifters, who are either self-taught or learned coding in a coding school, landing internships at Wolt.

I'm interested in working with Kotlin but I don't have experience in Kotlin specifically, can I apply using modern Java?

Unfortunately, we will only be considering the applications done in Kotlin.

Can I change my focus at some point and try new things at Wolt in the future?

Definitely! We are mainly looking for backend, frontend, and mobile engineers in this program, as we currently have teams and mentors available for those paths, but we are always open to internal mobility.

About Wolt

Wolt is a Helsinki-based technology company that provides an online platform for consumers, merchants and couriers. It connects people looking to order food and other goods with people interested in selling and delivering them. To enable this, Wolt develops a wide range of technologies from local logistics to retail software and financial solutions – as well as operating its own grocery stores under the Wolt Market brand. Wolt’s products include Wolt+ (subscription service for customers), Wolt for Work (meal benefits and office deliveries for companies), Wolt Drive (fast last-mile deliveries for merchants) and Wolt Self-Delivery (service for merchant partners with their own delivery staff). Wolt’s mission is to make cities better by empowering and growing local communities. Wolt was founded in 2014 and joined forces with DoorDash in 2022. DoorDash operates in 29 countries today, 25 of which are with the Wolt product and brand.

Working in Product Development at Wolt

At Wolt, we’re about getting things done. You’ll probably enjoy it here if you like taking ownership, developing yourself and being around friendly, humble and ambitious people.

The behind the scenes of Wolt is run by an awesome bunch of over 700+ planners, builders, designers and data crunchers. We call ourselves Product+, as we’re the very core of Wolt’s products, tools and platforms. To build our products, we work in over 60 cross-functional, independent and autonomous teams. Teams are made up of a mix of talented individuals: engineers, designers, data scientists, analysts, and product leads. Each team takes ownership for solving customer problems in the best possible way.

Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity & Inclusion

We want to have all sorts of people in our team – people like you and me, and people different from you and me. To be able to work with diverse teammates – when it comes to gender, age, ethnicity, life background, sexual orientation, political views, religion, or any other personal trait – we consciously aim to offer equal opportunity for everyone to work with us. This is because we believe diverse teams make the most thought-through decisions and build things in the most inclusive way.

Join us today to build Wolt together.